Save the Date! Attend My Panel at SXSW 2010! 3/15/2010
Published on December 17, 2009.
Wait, did I really forget to mention that my SXSW Panel submission for Student Startups was accepted?
I really have been busy at work.
I just got news from Hugh (the guy who invented SXSW) that my panel is going to happen on Monday, March 15th 2010!
That’s 3/15/2010 for you numerical types.
The panelists will be Ellen Chisa from Alight Learning, Ben Congleton from Olark and Rishi Narayan from Underground Printing.
I’ll be moderating the panel.
Please comment if you are going to be at SXSW and will be attending!
If there’s anything you want me to cover, you can note that in the comments, too.
See you at SXSW!